# Gin

z5286275 Gin Zou

## Week 1

I created this group with my friends. In order to create a nice group name, I first referred to Microsoft. I am try to named with `something software` Suddenly, I found that the SW in UNSW is exactly `SoftWare`. So the group name was decided.

In the first week, we decided to choose the movie search system. I studied the requirements and design, and wrote [a back-end API document](https://3900w12a-unsoftware.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/589825/API+Design?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiZGViY2ZmNTQ2YTcwNDFiZThlZTAyYzc0ZjVhYmM0NGEiLCJwIjoiaiJ9).

## Week 2

I used draw.io to make user operation flow chart and system layers. The front-end members will design the graphical interface according to the flowchart I made.

By the way, I wrote the language technology needed for the front and back ends and referenced the content of external libraries

## Week 3

I have written most of the back-end code, and there are still some new functions and features that need to be added.
The backend is already running normally. I deploy it on my home server with docker at http://lbosau.exlb.org:9900/

## Week 4

I wrote an image related API and added random avatars to all users.  And explained to the front-end how to use the back-end and back-end artifacts. 

## Week 5

In this week's demo, I need to prepare nothing. 

Juliet give me the data. I write a data uploader to upload database and update the data such as score etc.

## Week 6

There are some Problem by using ASP.NET to Show Image. It is slow and sometime cause error. 

So I add a new docker by Nginx at  http://lbosau.exlb.org:9901/. Nginx is use for show Image and it is march faster than ASP.NET.

Everyone is very satisfied with the new image loading speed.

## Week 7

Completed all backend code for Stage2, Such as Image API. And Support users to upload images.

## Week 8

The front-end team wants a value that can store other user related data, so I added a new `JSON` value. It can allow the front-end to store some things that one wants to store, such as personalization, etc.

## Week 9

I am responsible for preparing virtual machine related content, I have set up a one click deployment environment so that backend programs can be deployed through Docker with one click This is very convenient.

## Week 10

This week, my teammates and I completed the final demonstration together. Before the presentation, I updated many comments and fixed some errors
After that With the help of the front-end team, I successfully deployed the front-end on a virtual machine
